refactor(examples) Update quickstart-pytorch to show how to run with GPU (#4395)
adap/flower: examples/quickstart-pytorch/README.md

### Run with the Simulation Engine

> \[!TIP\]

> > This example runs faster when the `ClientApp`s have access to a GPU. If your system has one, you can make use of it by configuring the `backend.client-resources` component in `pyproject.toml`. If you want to try running the example with GPU right away, use the `local-simulation-gpu` federation as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This example might run faster when the `ClientApp`s have access to a GPU. If your system has one, you can make use of it by configuring the `backend.client-resources` component in `pyproject.toml`. If you want to try running the example with GPU right away, use the `local-simulation-gpu` federation as shown below.
```
